Add loadbalancer log subscription (#657)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/d/cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscriptions.markdown

---
subcategory : "Managed Loadbalancer Log Subscriptions"
---

# ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscriptions

Get information about subscriptions to a Managed Loadbalancer Logs Service in a public cloud project.

## Example Usage

```hcl

> data "ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscription" "subs" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscriptions" "subs" {
```

---
subcategory : "Managed Loadbalancer Log Subscriptions"
---

# ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscriptions

> Get information about a subscription to a Managed Loadbalance Logs Service in a public cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get information about subscriptions to a Managed Loadbalancer Logs Service in a public cloud project.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl

> data "ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscription" "sub" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "ovh_cloud_project_region_loadbalancer_log_subscriptions" "subs" {
```

Reviewer: 🆙

  service_name = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  region_name = "gggg"
  loadbalancer_id = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee"

>   subscription_id = "zzzzzzzz-yyyy-xxxx-wwww-vvvvvvvvvvvv"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: 🆙

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `service_name` - The id of the public cloud project. If omitted, the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.

> * `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer will be available. Ex.: "GRA11".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region_name` - A valid OVHcloud public cloud region name in which the loadbalancer is available. Ex.: "GRA11".
```

* `loadbalancer_id` - Loadbalancer id to get the logs

> * `subscription` - Subscription id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: 🆙

> * `kind` - (Optional) haproxy

Reviewer: Add a real description
